Add default SUPPORT page for all OME repositories (#2)
ome/.github: SUPPORT.md

## Support

If you need assistance, please get in touch using the [support
channels](https://www.openmicroscopy.org/support/) or open a GitHub
issue. Our preferred support channel is the public

> [image.sc forum](https://forum.image.sc/).

Reviewer: How about rearrange this to give the most relevant information first? E.g.
```suggestion
If you need assistance with using any of our repositories or applications, or have a general question, please get in touch, preferably on the [image.sc forum](https://forum.image.sc/).

You can also open a GitHub issue for issues directly related to the code in a repository.
If these channels are not suitable see [our other support channels](https://www.openmicroscopy.org/support/).
```

> We usually provide an initial response to question within the next two working 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We usually provide an initial response to questions within two working 
```
